Belis Aladag: This is gonna be
Patient
Belis Aladag: Tilton
Belis Aladag: And I checked for cures. It looks like she has a the last prescription on cures is for lorazepam and Tramadol both the end of January.
Modoc County: Oh, it's just a guitar in the corner. Yeah. Do you play that guitar.
Belis Aladag: Here. Hey, yes. Well, you know, it's a progress thing, it's a it's a work in progress, it's a it's
Modoc County: A Wish I could work on it too.
Belis Aladag: Yes.
Belis Aladag: I mean, it's
Belis Aladag: It's a good thing I'm gonna do it. It's just there's YouTube videos. There's all sorts of stuff. I just have to sit down and
Modoc County: I'll it belongs in your lap. Maybe on breaks
Modoc County: Yes, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Yeah so. Hello, I'm Dr. Allah day
Modoc County: Dr. Allah. Allah day dad.
Modoc County: Okay, nice to be to alia
Belis Aladag: Alia, Nice to meet you.
Modoc County: I am, you know, the nurse from like two days ago.
Belis Aladag: As Nyah, how you doing,
Modoc County: I'm doing fine. I just wanted to let you know.
Modoc County: That this room. We all have to be used by someone else will hopefully we can get done before one
Belis Aladag: Day. Yeah, well, we'll keep it.
Belis Aladag: As speedy as possible.
Modoc County: Okay, thank you. I really appreciate that. Yes. No problem.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Belis Aladag: Uh, so tell me what's been going on with you. I see. So, so I know that you're you're with us because you want help for opioid use disorder. Is that right,
Modoc County: opioid use disorder that's not correct. Exactly. I'm an incredible pain all the time. I mean, my pain disorder not opioid use disorder. Right.
Modoc County: I have
Modoc County: Dealt my game. I mean, I have been off of opioids and pencils for quite some time now and I have detox it out of my system when I was held at this last place in Sacramento. What a lovely place that was actually after I realized it's nothing to be terrified.
Modoc County: Yeah, and that's where you remind me of somebody. Oh, we had a lot of black
Modoc County: People
Modoc County: Me mean when people are my people I know.
Modoc County: People yeah i mean i fellowship with black people the best
Modoc County: Oh, that's cool.
Belis Aladag: So okay, so I see. So you were you've been in pain, and you've been given.
Belis Aladag: So I check the database. You know how we have this California
For controlled substances.
Belis Aladag: I looked in there and yeah it looks like the last time you received lorazepam and Tramadol which you were getting consistently right
Yeah.
Modoc County: Sorry, sorry, I don't want to interrupt you. I just got I've been getting it for years and years and years with no break in between.
Modoc County: No grants. Now, I have nothing for to control my pain and my neck and back problems are bad real bad. I've been an accident.
Modoc County: I got bones that hill wrong.
Modoc County: Stuff like that. And I can afford to doing do really about it, retired wiser, so
Belis Aladag: So there's a medication called Suboxone. Have you ever tried this.
Modoc County: No, this is what I'm trying to get on that I need to know about it.
Belis Aladag: So so Suboxone or that's the, that's the brand name but generic is buprenorphine.
Modoc County: Say the name again buprenorphine buprenorphine me. Thank you.
Belis Aladag: You print your team is a
Modoc County: Trophy I view growth, but it
Modoc County: Is not p p per view new paranormal yes a generic name. I like working in our program. There you go.
Modoc County: I just need to remember for myself. Yeah.
Modoc County: I've been yeah
Belis Aladag: Lots of medicines are you currently taking anything. By the way, are you taking any other meds anything
Modoc County: Yes, now
Modoc County: I take
Modoc County: You're gonna say hi decoding mode. I don't know. I wish I could have something for my pain. Anyway, I say hydroxyl seen for anxiety. Okay. Throughout the day, depending on how would I need. I
Belis Aladag: Got it.
Modoc County: I take, you know, leave gaps throughout the day when it take, because I don't like to be heavily medicated at all. And I take risk risperidone risperidone okay we're done, and the hijazi or not. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Modoc County: I was thinking I Chelsea, you know, why am I doing this. I don't know. I'm here to help you. Okay, you're doing fine. Your memory. Yeah.
Modoc County: Do you want the exact dose. And do you want the corrections.
Belis Aladag: I have it right here and it's coming up in my system. The hydroxyl seen 50
Modoc County: Milligrams in the morning, two milligrams at night for the respected or spirit. Oh, and then the hydroxyl seen it, that
Modoc County: One in the morning with with it and then another one in the mid morning if I need it and then another one in the late afternoon.
Modoc County: And then one at bedtime, along with my other risperidone so it's too into the spirit and I also just take Pepcid for heartburn or indigestion stuff and bowel issues.
Modoc County: Okay. And I say, and will, I will take vitamin A whole bunch of different vitamins to take a whole bunch. I can tell list those off to I won't do that though.
Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. The risperidone was the one milligram
Modoc County: Tabs and you take $2 a day.
Modoc County: I'll see you holograms twice a day. Yes.
Belis Aladag: Say that again.
Modoc County: risperidone two milligrams twice a day.
Okay.
Modoc County: I also receive an in Vegas shot once a month.
Modoc County: Okay.
Modoc County: And I get my next in biggest shot on the second
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Um, the risperidone is that for bipolar disorder.
Modoc County: Kind of, I guess, for my issues.
Modoc County: Okay, yeah.
Gotcha.
Okay.
Modoc County: I don't even have any any profanity for my for my pain, all I can all I have in my system is Tylenol.
Modoc County: Okay, so it's real difficult. I have no money.
Modoc County: To buy myself a new bottle of ibuprofen, so I mean after walk see more after this. I mean, I don't know how to control my pain and it gets to the point where it is pretty bad. Sometimes
Modoc County: Normally I could go even though I'm in paid not say nothing about it.
Modoc County: But while we're sitting here. Your left side of my neck is screaming hurting. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And you mentioned you've been in a lot of is it like vehicle accidents motor vehicle accidents.
Modoc County: It was one motor vehicle accident. I was in
Modoc County: When my son was four years old, which was backing. So he was born in 2006 and elegant
Modoc County: Thank you. Nice.
Modoc County: All right.
Modoc County: But then, before that, when I was 12 I had actually with my mom's fist in the back. So I had to quit karate, all that good stuff, Tommy. I don't know.
Modoc County: I was, I only made it to the yellow belt.
Belis Aladag: At 12 years old you
Modoc County: At 12 years old. Yes, she bought me in the back. I was talking back so she puts my back is OK.
Belis Aladag: OK, and then the the car accident happened and and basically the accumulation of those things.
Modoc County: And over the years of bones healing wrong, for instance, my left rib cage. All of the tendons and ligaments got ripped and on the x ray. It showed that there was no bone breakage. But yeah.
Modoc County: I know about the little floating bone here. Yeah, you know, so I have those three days that are major to my pain when my pain level gets up there too bad was nothing to control it, those three areas are screaming. Okay.
Modoc County: I'm sorry to hear that back in in ribcage but liver case doesn't hurt so bad anymore now that I put on some more way but my head. So now it's my neck, back and head because it causes me headaches for my neck and back.
Belis Aladag: So here's what it is. Let me tell you the the buprenorphine Suboxone it will help. It's a medication that's a partial opioid so it stimulates the same opioid receptors.
Belis Aladag: And it does. The main purpose of it is to help people not have cravings for regular opioids.
Modoc County: Thank God for that. Yes. And does it help with
Modoc County: To not have cravings for as bad as well.
Belis Aladag: You know it, it may be. It's not designed for that because it's not working.
Modoc County: I'm sorry, but can you tell me what it is designed worse that I know more about this drug.
Belis Aladag: Yes, so it's designed to help people with opioid use disorder. So people that are
Belis Aladag: really dependent on like when you were taking tramadol you were taking it as prescribed. Right.
Modoc County: You're tired from it all.
Modoc County: Right for a day, I said to the morning in the evening.
Belis Aladag: So so so you can see, though you you were on it for years. Maybe you can see that some people will have trouble sticking to what's prescribed and need more and more and more and more.
Modoc County: Exactly. That's how I was before but I've been all over yours for quite a while and I mean really quite a while.
Modoc County: Down there in that hospital los would be really, really hard. I had to go barefoot for five days with no shoes like
Modoc County: Even though they had my slippers. They were holding up bread behind the desk just because it came with a little time to take it out of there that just give me my slippers while have to walk barefoot then phones for us like
Modoc County: Oh my gosh, and stuff. And this was a psychiatric hospital. I see. Well, what the and I've never been in a place like this in my life is over with.
Modoc County: But
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think.
Belis Aladag: I
Modoc County: Had any pain to help for my pain and I had to request one of those egg crate mattresses or phone past to lay on my back and that. And finally, at the end, I got back, I was held for night to race there.
Belis Aladag: 19 days you were in there.
Modoc County: Was more than it or yeah 19 days there. And then before that three days here in the hospital here, I see, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Did you have any. Was it a mental health related
So,
Modoc County: It was a mental health related thing, but that that still silly thought my boyfriend, which is my fiance. I'm within still
Modoc County: Helps me out on that one. Let's say
Modoc County: He thought I needed help.
Modoc County: HE THOUGHT I DID NOT purposely urinate on the floor in the bathroom before the cops arrived I let it know that was on purpose to. I mean, I remember everything I did.
Modoc County: And doing, and I can tell you what I plan on doing in the next hour. And next month. And we're going. Come on.
Modoc County: And he's realizing this now he sees that. Okay. When you're like this. It doesn't mean call the cops like we've been together for so long. And we just have our third
Modoc County: I have my my third child with this day and we just had court. Two days ago and in everything, and my my baby or babies with my sister here in town. They got permanent custody of him.
Modoc County: He's a doctor, my sister and she's wonderful. I love her to death. It's just I love her alive. Let's just say, I don't like
Belis Aladag: Your sister has custody of your baby. And then you have two other kids.
Modoc County: Yes, my other I have a daughter, who's going to be 22 so she's will grow with it. And then I have
Modoc County: A child I raised myself and homeschooled and taught all about the Lord Jesus and everything. He is my boy.
Modoc County: And he's with his father in the Bay Area. Right now I raised him up until two about two and a half years ago, and then he went to do with establishing was 11 he's going to be 14 next month on the 19th and then my new baby will be one on the 20th, the day of or 20
Modoc County: The day right after I see, I see. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And the baby is a girl or boy.
Modoc County: Boy, I have back to that boys.
Belis Aladag: Boy, boy, boy.
Modoc County: Or a girl, boy.
Belis Aladag: girl, boy, boy.
Modoc County: Yeah. Woman Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay. So, okay, and you're living with your fans say
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so yeah. So getting back to the medication, it's going to help you with pain. So that's the good news. J order for you. Yeah, it's going to help because it's it's it's got analgesic properties and it's long acting so the beauty of it is you don't need multiple doses. A day usually
Belis Aladag: However, I take that back for pain purposes, we may want to give you
Belis Aladag: A couple of doses, take it all back. So normally, if it's just for opioid use disorder. If you were like, okay, I'm just, I'm hooked on the Tramadol or I'm hooked on the bike it in
Belis Aladag: And you know, I don't really have pain issues. We'd say, okay, maybe once a day, but for you, you have pain issues and to cover your pain. We're going to need to do multiple doses, a day. So probably
Belis Aladag: We can try if. Do you think you can do three times a day.
Modoc County: Yes I you can
Modoc County: Let me just tell you, and I wanted to remember to ask you is going what properties. But I want to let you know that
Modoc County: I can handle being drunk like a horse. Let's just say that it takes, high, high, high tolerance, thanks a lot to knock me down. In other words, and you still can't knock me down with an injection of how it all two areas and an additive in the hospital data.
Modoc County: I can handle my drugs you know enough because I'm a drug user either
Modoc County: My medication for so 16 years old, not pain in both pain and mental health and St to have. I have done it, and I still have limited walking reality here in my life and Jesus is that reality key because the main reason why I am still studying today so
Modoc County: Okay, does it have you said pain, pain.
Belis Aladag: pain. Pain killing pain killing
Modoc County: Both name you you
Belis Aladag: analgesia analgesia.
Modoc County: analgesia like analyze, geez. Yeah, yeah.
Modoc County: It's
Belis Aladag: Like
Belis Aladag: anesthesiology right analgesia.
Modoc County: Thank you. I was serious about
Modoc County: Thank you. I know that smoking is the right job for me, just like what you said so far.
Belis Aladag: I think it'll work for you. I understand you have the high tolerance, so I'm not afraid to give you. I'm going to give you. I'm going to just jump right into it and give you eight milligrams three times a day. So we have a two milligrams and eight milligrams per
Belis Aladag: Kilogram
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think, I think we can. I think you can handle it. Now if you feel that it's too much. If you feel groggy or
Modoc County: Your day
Belis Aladag: Feel a little higher. So I don't know.
Modoc County: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Of course, you let us know and you cut it down. You can cut it to half. If you feel like it's
Modoc County: Her. So a question that I had was, okay, when you said if you feel a little high. See that's the thing. I don't want to feel it too strong. Like if
Modoc County: Like unless it gives you energy, it might kick in as energy in my system because I found out that I have all this natural high energy
Modoc County: Um, but yeah, if I have a wrong or different kind of drug in my system. It might make me feel like when I smoke weed sometimes
Modoc County: I don't like getting to the point where I even just want to hit now makes me all Ooh, and I hate that feeling that stuff. Stupid feeling when you're stuck all inside yourself and stuff, not to the characters I don't sit on the girls with
Yeah.
Modoc County: I
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so you'll you'll will experiment and see if you'll take the first one. And you'll see it's it melts under your tongue.
Modoc County: So whether that's perfect.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, if it's a film or tablet, it really doesn't matter. It's whatever your insurance covers
Modoc County: Right, it'll probably a tablet.
Belis Aladag: Probably tablet, you put it under your tongue drink some water. So your tongue is moist. So everything's moist in there, put it under your tongue. Let it melt.
Belis Aladag: And and that's how it gets into your blood stream. You don't want to chew it or swallow it too quickly, because then it will bypass your system, it won't, it won't work.
Modoc County: Thanks for telling me that I drink lots of water and i i ingest the pure form of vitamin C that my father has introduced me to that works incredibly well you can cook with it. You could read it in your water.
Modoc County: It's very strong tasting. But when you get used to it in small doses, you're able to handle more
Modoc County: And it builds up your immune system very nicely against any type of viruses that might be out there.
Modoc County: Is your vitamin C.
Belis Aladag: Vitamin C is good for your immunity for sure. So okay, so, so you're going to try this. And when you take the first one. You see how you feel. In about 20 MINUTES. HALF HOUR. And you'll be like, oh, I think my pain is a bit better.
Modoc County: Thank you. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And I think you'll find it's pretty helpful. And then it'll be, you know, I don't know. You know, so I'm thinking breakfast, lunch, dinner right
Modoc County: So the next time. It's time to eat.
Belis Aladag: You'll be like, Okay, let me try the other one. And you take another pill.
Modoc County: Right. And for the same thing.
Belis Aladag: At night and you do that three times a day. Now if you find you take the first one. And you're like, Whoa, this makes me feel a little off or my energy levels are all like this too much, then the next time. It's
Belis Aladag: Do have yeah half and then do another half at
Modoc County: Night. Right. Exactly. Okay. So,
Belis Aladag: Either way, so if you want to start with half. You could also do that way. Like, whichever way you want to go.
Modoc County: A whole
Modoc County: Whole way that you said it kicks into straw, the nap.
Modoc County: Today, the next sale.
Modoc County: Oh yeah, because I need to get used to it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, but I mean, whatever your sweet spot is there's
Modoc County: No reason
Modoc County: Might be happy. The old app.
Belis Aladag: It could be. Yeah, exactly. What I'll give you enough as if you're going to do the max like full, full, full
They
Modoc County: Do it immediately.
Modoc County: And just do full, full i mean
Modoc County: It depends on how it
Belis Aladag: Depends on how it affects you. Right.
Modoc County: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: Um, you mentioned marijuana. Do you drink alcohol because it's enough not to drink on this.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, awesome. Um, and, you know, sedatives so you're trying to stay away from Xanax additive and all that stuff.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, hopefully this will help you because you'll have pain control, you'll feel hopefully more energetic and uplifted
Belis Aladag: And less likely to seek that
Belis Aladag: Day. I really hope so. I think it will work. I think, though, that you should remember. Keep in mind though that it is
Belis Aladag: It is a partial opioids. So you don't want to be. I know you were on it for years, but it's really not a good idea to be on opioid and a sedative type of medication because they can lower your breathing and stop your breathing.
Modoc County: See, now I have been on opioids and then SOS consistently to gather all my life. And now that I'm off of it. That's exactly what I don't want yes a balanced.
Belis Aladag: Way. Yes.
Modoc County: And in order to do that, I think this abortion is perfect.
Belis Aladag: I think it's gonna really hit the spot for you and you're going to feel good and even more in control of your life and and make
Modoc County: Choices, but I got, I got it to your pet.
Belis Aladag: Yes. There you go.
Belis Aladag: Roll it up.
Modoc County: I didn't even realize to do that until you either student your baby like I got the pins right here, my purse was that
Modoc County: And then I was like, oh my god, that thing. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Self care self care. It's good for you.
Modoc County: Yeah, I can feel the bonus. So like in the in the muscle that's like kind of tight like swollen is
Modoc County: It yeah I want physical therapy. Yes.
Belis Aladag: Yes, if you can get connected to physical therapy.
Modoc County: You can do
Modoc County: Acupuncture. I don't have a primary care doctor yet she's trying to play me with Lori said that yesterday that she was going to pull some strings or that she could. So we'll see like cuz
Modoc County: I was discharged from the care of every doctor and load up county except surprise down. So that's the only one that's available unless another place decides that note see me again. Now that I cleared have any mental health issues because
Modoc County: People are just like, Oh my God, she's is too much for me. And now I like it if they wouldn't meet me again. Yes, yes.
Belis Aladag: And I hope they will I. It sounds like
Belis Aladag: They're working on it. You said right there.
Modoc County: Yeah, they all just take some time.
Modoc County: And in that time. I'm getting help with my pain.
Belis Aladag: Yes, yeah.
Belis Aladag: So hopefully this has been a
Modoc County: Real
Modoc County: See the doctor only need to see you for other little issues, not a huge thing and then overwhelmed by for Dr. In the making him feel like he's known and he's the medication.
Modoc County: Like a Dorothy.
Belis Aladag: Yes. So, okay, good. Um, one thing I miss you mentioned injections you receive is that for arthritis or is that for
Modoc County: In Vegas.
Is that
Modoc County: When every month.
Modoc County: Yes, this is in my regimen. They weren't giving me the injection in while I was being held, and I got used to it in there, along with the risperidone and visceral in my system and I do very well on it. And so it's my mental health.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I got you. Is it the 234 milligram
Modoc County: In one milligram one nice thing.
Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. And you do it once a month.
Belis Aladag: One injection per month and. Okay. And is there psychiatrists that manages that and the risperidone
Modoc County: Yes, yes. So Laura is a nurse, but we have fake radical yes our medic medication is very
Belis Aladag: High. Okay, cool. And what is the diagnosis attached
Modoc County: Let's see, I'm gonna
Modoc County: She's getting, I can tell you that I know it's bipolar and borderline diagnosed with
Modoc County: I don't know what a doctor would say about me now. Yeah.
Modoc County: I just have, yes.
Belis Aladag: I said, things change. You know, sometimes we're given a diagnosis.
Modoc County: Or not.
Belis Aladag: Actually accurate and then
Modoc County: Look up my Lord Jesus. He took care of it all. Okay. All I know is that I'm a singer and songwriter. I'm a mother and I have intense emotions that come out under anxiety in bad ways sometimes, but because of a Christian, I'm able to
Modoc County: Handle it and not just handle it.
Modoc County: Get her done. I mean, I
Modoc County: I live in my life. Yes. Okay. So the diagnosis that is attached to those medications is bipolar. Okay.
Modoc County: borderline personality disorder.
Okay.
Modoc County: And y'all have
Modoc County: PTSD. I do have. Yes, those are the three diagnosis is
Modoc County: No, I agree with all three of them. Okay, gotcha.
Gotcha. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm just putting it in here. So we have it all teed up and
Belis Aladag: Disorder right here and then Perfect, okay God and chronic PTSD. Okay.
Modoc County: It seems like you may need a house plant in your office background.
Belis Aladag: It's very small. But I
Modoc County: Mean it's just it needs leaves.
Modoc County: That looks cool.
Modoc County: Yeah, please.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it just
Modoc County: A friend.
Belis Aladag: He needs a friend. Yeah. Maybe I'll put it from there.
Belis Aladag: Yeah okay Aaliyah I appreciate the input. Um, I think I got a lot of information. Any drug allergies. I need to know about.
Modoc County: Absolutely not.
Okay, no drug allergies.
Belis Aladag: And suicidal thoughts or risk of this right now at this
Modoc County: Absolutely no, no worries, no risk. Awesome. Okay, loved to hear that.
Belis Aladag: I'm nicotine. Do they eat, or do you use nicotine.
Modoc County: Patch and cigarettes.
Belis Aladag: We you
Belis Aladag: And you smoke.
Modoc County: Yeah, I get the patches rub they she helped me out with that and say,
Modoc County: You're smoking. Yes, I have. It's a pack a day and patches on every 24 hours I put a new one on the morning. And so I do very well like that. Okay, so were you
Belis Aladag: Were you like double that amount before
Modoc County: Yeah okay so
Modoc County: Yeah.
Modoc County: I was two bags a day just not too long ago and I was able to reduce it on my own without the patch now that I was in the hospital. I had the past in there.
Modoc County: And in my other hospital of this circumstances because I've been just in the last year in like five different hospitals for five different reasons and all this other shit incredible bleeding problems after having my baby. You just bad stuff and so
Modoc County: I'd say the cigarettes help if anything, I mean with my anxiety levels.
Modoc County: I use it as my major anxiety relief.
Belis Aladag: Well, you know what one pack a day is better than two. So I'm glad you're using the patch to reduce that
Belis Aladag: And and I hear you, it's associated in your mind with anxiety relief. So we don't want to like push it too hard. But eventually, you know, I'm glad phase, kind of on you and maybe you can start working on it. Once we get the pain under control. Okay.
Modoc County: Maybe we should see if my pain to get under control. I won't need to smoke as much either. Yes.
Belis Aladag: And I left.
Belis Aladag: Let's try this.
Belis Aladag: Let's try. I'm going to prescribe this for you. I'm also going to prescribe something called Narc can
Belis Aladag: It's not likely that you overdose with Suboxone Suboxone as a partial opioids, so that respiratory depression effect is very limited.
Belis Aladag: Unlike the other opiates, but just California law we want to be careful will give you something called Narcan it's a spray in your nose. If you were to pass out. And people don't know what it's from. And they think, maybe it's an opioid overdose.
Modoc County: Thank you. So, what will that spray help with another words like like if that were to happen if you were to overdose.
Belis Aladag: And it would reverse it would reverse the the overdose. It would take away the Suboxone
Modoc County: From you overdose on it. Sorry, I don't mean to
Modoc County: interrupt you, but when you overdose on if you do that means that it makes your respiratory system slow down too much. Right. Yes. Therefore, I can tell if I have to slow down and we'll need that spray
Belis Aladag: Yeah, if you feel short of breath and stuff but
Modoc County: That happened in the beetle.
Belis Aladag: Most of the time, this is not to be used by you.
Modoc County: It's tonight persona life.
Yes.
Modoc County: But remember to save our life before I asked for help.
Modoc County: In case I know that this is what's happening to me right now the breathing is really slow down. It's really hard and I feel like I really need some help and I don't want to scare my fiance all go
Belis Aladag: Well well well the disclaimer is this. This is a temporary reversal agent, it's, it's used immediately to reverse it, but it got you can slip back into the overdose within 30 minutes so you still have to call
Modoc County: Nine is still in while you still would be enough for me to go
Modoc County: And then be able to call 911
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you could do that. Yes.
Modoc County: Thank you for telling me. So that are La, la, la. We do have the dark in here at Hotel. So we are able to enable to plane and go back and review and give her. No, no.
Belis Aladag: Okay, you could do that. Do I need to prescribe it then, or should I just leave it to you.
Modoc County: You're okay because we have it free for the public. Here we have to like know use it and give it out so oh
Perfect.
Modoc County: So now, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Nia anytime we have a Suboxone patient, then please go ahead and do that because
Modoc County: Yeah, that's
Modoc County: My
Modoc County: Question, what is the dose that you're planning to give is here.
Belis Aladag: So she's going to be getting eight milligram films twice or three times a day eight dash two milligrams sorry not film. I'm just like talking tablet because you mentioned you probably be
This
Modoc County: One, three times a day. Uh huh. Okay. And then, alright. So Lori. She helps you with your medication box and stuff like that. Right. Yes, she does. For me yesterday.
Modoc County: So that would be good. So I don't have a box with me today. Right. And we won't. I probably had an awesome today, right, when will this. Okay, so you're writing the prescription today.
Modoc County: Correct.
Yeah.
Modoc County: Dr. Ella, Dad.
Modoc County: Ready. Okay.
Modoc County: So that means that will that prescription get facts to the
Modoc County: Yes, I'll get back to the pharmacy today, but I will have to check and see when the pharmacy will have that hopefully available because we live in a small town.
Modoc County: outside of town or the Suboxone and things like that.
Belis Aladag: I'm in. Yeah, I'll put in for the
Chronic pain.
Modoc County: I'm out. And will you be giving her a two week supply
Belis Aladag: So, yeah. Should we do it like we did the other patient, the other day, should we do, where we doing weekly or two weeks.
Modoc County: Two weeks with him just to see how this will affect her and make sure that she's fine and things like that. No, go too fast, right. You see if that's your goals are what we should do. Yeah, so
Belis Aladag: How about can we do one week. Is that too soon.
Modoc County: For you. What do you mean too soon for one week.
Belis Aladag: Can you see me again in one week.
Modoc County: Oh, I can see you again in one week. Yeah. About a week, I would like to be given two weeks of it where I was to see it so that I can
Modoc County: Take it for a week then see you until you how it's going. And then if it's going really good still have another weeks left and then that way by then you can prescribe me a month's worth or something like that.
Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Modoc County: How it works but I'm just saying, like, so that I don't run out and like me to rush
Modoc County: Yeah, good. But you would
Modoc County: Lori Is Going to be managing your medicine. Oh, so she
Modoc County: She is a nurse here who manages her medicines and picks them up and make sure that they're in her with his yeah yeah
Modoc County: So shiny object, you know,
Modoc County: So, so would
Belis Aladag: Aaliyah need to come in weekly to get her meds or she coming every two weeks.
Modoc County: She's not only for now to get her already.
Belis Aladag: So let's do I'll give I'll give two weeks worth and you'll start the medication. Hopefully soon as you can get them, you know,
Modoc County: And and
Belis Aladag: And then if I give you two weeks worth now.
Is it
Modoc County: Is it possible to meet on a Monday.
Modoc County: Instead of a way to make this is this was like a golden opportunity that I even get into this room today as usual time is Mondays.
Belis Aladag: Monday's yeah so Monday's would work. Yeah, Mondays works. It's just there's a 9am and 10am slot that I'm taking up on
Modoc County: That's fine.
Modoc County: About 11 o'clock. Would that work for both of you.
Modoc County: On Monday.
Yeah, that's
Modoc County: That's a good time.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Monday 11
Modoc County: I'm working on getting rides, or I'm working on getting, perhaps, hopefully, being able to get help with rides so that I'm not late for my appointment, you're good.
Modoc County: My fiance. He used to be a driver for mental health and social services and
Modoc County: And all that. And he's like, well, if they're having trouble it let them hire me because it's actually putting pressure on him enemy to get be all like come on and appointment. Let's go. We gotta go and
Modoc County: Even though I told him before I have to keep reminding of it gets pissed off at me and I don't like that i i can't walk everywhere. I can't do it. All you so hopefully I can get sorry, I'm sorry. As a lorry.
Modoc County: Okay, alright. So if we can meet April the sixth that will be good.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so, April six at 11am
Yes.
Belis Aladag: Let's do that. And then I'm Nia, do you get in touch with my teeth with a Virtual. Virtual clinic.
Modoc County: Yeah, I get it, I get in touch with RJ and I go, I send an email or I will. Yeah, I will get it.
Belis Aladag: Can you send our chain or whatever, a message about that thing 11am ON APRIL six.
Modoc County: Of course I will. Yes, I will send her the message.
Modoc County: And
Belis Aladag: And just mentioned that I I am technically assigned to a group at that hour, but there is nobody in the group right now. So it's OK.
OK.
Modoc County: I wish I could go to the group. If you want to
Belis Aladag: Look at, oh yeah.
Modoc County: He had a group. Where is her and then there's other people who are talking and things like that. No way. Really. Mm hmm.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Yes. So we can do group visits to eventually, but I think this next time around. Let's just check in with each other.
Belis Aladag: Make sure your pain is ok and then you prefer to do group, we could do group groups or one hour visits.
Modoc County: Okay, yeah, no, be really quickly be, that would be awesome. I would love to do groups, but not maybe not right away, like you should say, yeah, okay, so I will send her the message and I will check to see what those medications as those and then we'll see we'll
Modoc County: Make sure when we'll have to check and see when the pharmacy school
Belis Aladag: Um,
Belis Aladag: One last question. Yeah. Have you noticed that with their last patient to. Was it a film or a tablet that was covered
Modoc County: Was covered
Belis Aladag: Tablet. So I'm going to do tablet. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Going to do it. Okay. All right. Any questions Aaliyah any last minute things that you can think of.
Modoc County: No. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So let's try this, you're going to try a full and then if it's too much to do a half. But either way, you're, you're going to do three times a day dosing, you're going to try to do it three times a day.
Modoc County: Yes, all my food, all of them. Yeah. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you got two weeks worth we meet again on Monday, the six that 11 and if anything happens in between. You can let the nurse know or you know somehow get through to a virtual clinic. Um, I don't know if you have access to that but
Modoc County: Yeah, I do. I do. I was actually downloading that
Belis Aladag: Okay, perfect.
Modoc County: Okay. All right. It was really nice to meet you.
Belis Aladag: I, nice meeting it to the block with everything. I'll see you soon.
Modoc County: Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye bye.